[Chore] Update README (#11)
nimblehq/ruby-mqtt-showcase: README.md

[![Heroku](https://github.com/nimblehq/ruby-mqtt-showcase/actions/workflows/deploy_heroku.yml/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://github.com/nimblehq/ruby-mqtt-showcase/actions/workflows/deploy_heroku.yml)

## Introduction

> The API application ordering system with MQTT Broker service integrated with [ruby-mqtt](https://github.com/njh/ruby-mqtt/tree/main/lib).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An API application in RoR showcases the real-time communication from the Order system integrated with [MQTT](https://mqtt.org/) using [ruby-mqtt](https://github.com/njh/ruby-mqtt).
```

> [!NOTE]
> The project is generated from [rails-templates](https://github.com/nimblehq/rails-templates)

## Usage

- Clone the repository

`git clone git@github.com:nimblehq/ruby-mqtt-showcase.git`

> - Setup MQTT broker service confirguration in `config/application.yml` to replace the default values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set up the MQTT broker service configuration in `config/application.yml` to replace the default values.
```
